	   WASHINGTON (AP) _ More than 200 Holocaust survivors who were
U.S. citizens at that time may be eligible for reparations from the
German government under a decision issued Tuesday by the U.S.
Foreign Claims Settlement Commission.
	   The panel, which is a quasi-judicial agency of the Justice
Department, decided which categories of people would be eligible
under a 1995 agreement with Germany and subsequent U.S.
legislation.
	   After the government spent eight months seeking potential
claimants, nearly 1,000 people filed claims for reparations by last
February's deadline. The commission estimated that more than 200
would meet the eligibility requirements of this decision.
	   ``No one knows for sure how many Americans were held in Nazi
concentration camps, much less how many still are living today,''
said Delissa Ridgway, who chairs the commission. ``When we began
the claims program last year, we were told we would probably find
only a dozen or so. The response to our outreach campaign has far
exceeded all expectations.''
	   After taking public comments on its criteria for 15 days, the
panel will begin reviewing each claim to certify which are
eligible.
	   Once a list of claimants is certified, the State Department will
negotiate a final settlement with Germany.
	   The panel decided that those eligible for reparations would
include any now-living U.S. citizens who were held in concentration
camps or subcamps recognized as such by the German government or by
the International Red Cross, or were subjected to forced labor
while on forced marches, or were held in ``forced labor camps for
Jews,'' as identified by the Red Cross.
	   The panel said it reluctantly concluded that U.S. citizens held
in other Nazi facilities were not eligible under the agreement and
the legislation.
	   The final total amount of reparations has yet to be negotiated,
but under the 1995 agreement Germany paid a total of $2.1 million
to other previously identified Americans who survived Nazi
concentration camps. One of these was Hugo Princz, a survivor of
Auschwitz and Dachau, who fought a 40-year battle for compensation.
