	   WASHINGTON (AP) _ Princess Diana and Elizabeth Dole joined
forces Tuesday to heighten international awareness of the
devastating effects of land mines and to appeal for a worldwide
ban.
	   The two women also urged developed countries to increase
assistance for mine victims and not to overlook the crisis just
because it is not taking place in their own back yard.
	   ``If on the backroads of England or America a false step could
cost a leg, a life, a child, what we're about today would not be an
admirable cause; it would be an urgent crisis,'' said Dole, who
heads the American Red Cross.
	   ``The detachment that comes from mileage and time zones is
understandable, but it is not justified because the value of life
does not diminish with distance and the cry of a child is no less
wrenching because it is faint,'' added Dole, speaking in front of a
memorial honoring Red Cross workers.
	   Dole and Diana were to attend an American Red Cross gala later
Monday at the National Museum of Women in the Arts. They hoped to
raise $500,000 for land mine victims around the world.
	   Diana's trip to Washington stems from her involvement in an
anti-land mine campaign launched by the International Committee of
the Red Cross. In January, she made a high-profile visit to Angola,
where she met with mine victims, many of them children.
	   Diana said those children and others in places such as
Afghanistan and Cambodia live in countries that lack the resources
to care for them.
	   ``They may also become a burden to their families as most will
have difficulty making a living and may well be seen as social
outcasts because of their disability,'' she added.
	   She said achieving a global ban on antipersonnel mines was
equally important to helping the victims themselves.
	   Last week, a majority of the Senate urged approval of
legislation to outlaw U.S. deployments of land mines by 2000, and
more than a third of the House wrote President Clinton asking him
to join a Canadian effort for a legally binding, comprehensive
international treaty.
	   Canada has invited officials from around the world to Ottawa in
December to sign a pact banning the production, export or use of
antipersonnel land mines. The effort has the support of more than
70 countries, joined by Britain last month.
	   Clinton instead favors a ban negotiated through the United
Nations' 61-nation Conference on Disarmament. He has said the U.N.
drive was more likely to encourage nations such as China and Russia
to join.
	   An estimated 120 million unexploded land mines remain buried in
more than 70 countries, according to the American Red Cross.
Planted in wartime, the weapons continue to kill and maim long
after conflicts end. The weapons claim a victim every 20 minutes,
the majority of them civilian.
